and Moses called all Israel and said to
and Moses called all Israel and said to them hear o Israel the statutes and
them hear o Israel the statutes and
them hear o Israel the statutes and judgments which I speak in your hearing
judgments which I speak in your hearing
judgments which I speak in your hearing today that you may learn them and be
today that you may learn them and be
today that you may learn them and be careful to observe them the Lord our God
careful to observe them the Lord our God
careful to observe them the Lord our God made a covenant with us in Horeb the
made a covenant with us in Horeb the
made a covenant with us in Horeb the Lord did not make this covenant with our
Lord did not make this covenant with our
Lord did not make this covenant with our fathers but with us those who are here
fathers but with us those who are here
fathers but with us those who are here today all of us who are alive the Lord
today all of us who are alive the Lord
today all of us who are alive the Lord talked with you face-to-face on the
talked with you face-to-face on the
talked with you face-to-face on the mountain from the midst of the fire
mountain from the midst of the fire
mountain from the midst of the fire I stood between the Lord and you at that
I stood between the Lord and you at that
I stood between the Lord and you at that time to declare to you the word of the
time to declare to you the word of the
time to declare to you the word of the Lord for you were afraid because of the
Lord for you were afraid because of the
Lord for you were afraid because of the fire and you did not go up the mountain
fire and you did not go up the mountain
fire and you did not go up the mountain he said I am the Lord your God who
he said I am the Lord your God who
he said I am the Lord your God who brought you out of the land of Egypt out
brought you out of the land of Egypt out
brought you out of the land of Egypt out of the house of bondage you shall have
of the house of bondage you shall have
of the house of bondage you shall have no other gods before me you shall not
no other gods before me you shall not
no other gods before me you shall not make for yourself a carved image any
make for yourself a carved image any
make for yourself a carved image any likeness of anything that is in heaven
likeness of anything that is in heaven
likeness of anything that is in heaven above or that is in the earth beneath or
above or that is in the earth beneath or
above or that is in the earth beneath or that is in the water under the earth you
that is in the water under the earth you
that is in the water under the earth you shall not bow down to them nor serve
shall not bow down to them nor serve
shall not bow down to them nor serve them for I the Lord your God am a
them for I the Lord your God am a
them for I the Lord your God am a jealous God visiting the iniquity of the
jealous God visiting the iniquity of the
jealous God visiting the iniquity of the father's upon the children to the third
father's upon the children to the third
father's upon the children to the third and fourth generations of those who hate
and fourth generations of those who hate
and fourth generations of those who hate me but showing mercy to thousands to
me but showing mercy to thousands to
me but showing mercy to thousands to those who love me and keep my
those who love me and keep my
those who love me and keep my Commandments you shall not take the name
Commandments you shall not take the name
Commandments you shall not take the name of the Lord your God in vain for the
of the Lord your God in vain for the
of the Lord your God in vain for the Lord will not hold him guiltless who
Lord will not hold him guiltless who
Lord will not hold him guiltless who takes his name in vain observe the
takes his name in vain observe the
takes his name in vain observe the Sabbath day to keep it holy as the Lord
Sabbath day to keep it holy as the Lord
Sabbath day to keep it holy as the Lord your God commanded you six days you
your God commanded you six days you
your God commanded you six days you shall labor and do all your work but the
shall labor and do all your work but the
shall labor and do all your work but the seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord
seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord
seventh day is the Sabbath of the Lord your God in it you shall do no work you
your God in it you shall do no work you
your God in it you shall do no work you know your son nor your daughter nor your
know your son nor your daughter nor your
know your son nor your daughter nor your male servant nor your female servant nor
male servant nor your female servant nor
male servant nor your female servant nor your ox nor your donkey nor any of your
your ox nor your donkey nor any of your
your ox nor your donkey nor any of your cattle nor your stranger who is within
cattle nor your stranger who is within
cattle nor your stranger who is within your gates that your male servant and
your gates that your male servant and
your gates that your male servant and your female servant may rest as well as
your female servant may rest as well as
your female servant may rest as well as you and remember that you were a slave
you and remember that you were a slave
you and remember that you were a slave in the land of Egypt and the Lord your
in the land of Egypt and the Lord your
in the land of Egypt and the Lord your God brought you out from there by a
God brought you out from there by a
God brought you out from there by a mighty hand and by an outstretched arm
mighty hand and by an outstretched arm
mighty hand and by an outstretched arm therefore the Lord your God commanded
therefore the Lord your God commanded
therefore the Lord your God commanded you to keep the Sabbath day honor your
you to keep the Sabbath day honor your
you to keep the Sabbath day honor your father and your mother as the Lord your
father and your mother as the Lord your
father and your mother as the Lord your God has commanded you that your days may
God has commanded you that your days may
God has commanded you that your days may be long and that it may be well with you
be long and that it may be well with you
be long and that it may be well with you in the land which the Lord your God is
in the land which the Lord your God is
in the land which the Lord your God is giving you you shall not murder you
giving you you shall not murder you
giving you you shall not murder you shall not commit adultery you shall not
shall not commit adultery you shall not
shall not commit adultery you shall not steal you shall not bear false witness
steal you shall not bear false witness
steal you shall not bear false witness against your neighbor you shall not
against your neighbor you shall not
against your neighbor you shall not covet your neighbor's wife and you shall
covet your neighbor's wife and you shall
covet your neighbor's wife and you shall not desire your neighbor's house his
not desire your neighbor's house his
not desire your neighbor's house his field his male servant his female
field his male servant his female
field his male servant his female servant his ox his donkey or anything
servant his ox his donkey or anything
servant his ox his donkey or anything that is your neighbors
that is your neighbors
that is your neighbors [Music]
these words the Lord spoke to all your
these words the Lord spoke to all your assembly in the mountain from the midst
assembly in the mountain from the midst
assembly in the mountain from the midst of the fire the cloud and the thick
of the fire the cloud and the thick
of the fire the cloud and the thick darkness with a loud voice and he added
darkness with a loud voice and he added
darkness with a loud voice and he added no more and he wrote them on two tablets
no more and he wrote them on two tablets
no more and he wrote them on two tablets of stone and gave them to me so it was
of stone and gave them to me so it was
of stone and gave them to me so it was when you heard the voice from the midst
when you heard the voice from the midst
when you heard the voice from the midst of the darkness while the mountain was
of the darkness while the mountain was
of the darkness while the mountain was burning with fire that you came near to
burning with fire that you came near to
burning with fire that you came near to me all the heads of your tribes and your
me all the heads of your tribes and your
me all the heads of your tribes and your elders and you said surely the Lord our
elders and you said surely the Lord our
elders and you said surely the Lord our God has shown us his glory and his
God has shown us his glory and his
God has shown us his glory and his greatness and we have heard his voice
greatness and we have heard his voice
greatness and we have heard his voice from the midst of the fire we have seen
from the midst of the fire we have seen
from the midst of the fire we have seen this day that God speaks with man yet he
this day that God speaks with man yet he
this day that God speaks with man yet he still lives now therefore why should we
still lives now therefore why should we
still lives now therefore why should we die for this great fire will consume us
die for this great fire will consume us
die for this great fire will consume us if we hear the voice of the Lord our God
if we hear the voice of the Lord our God
if we hear the voice of the Lord our God any more than we shall die for who is
any more than we shall die for who is
any more than we shall die for who is there of all flesh who has heard the
there of all flesh who has heard the
there of all flesh who has heard the voice of the Living God
voice of the Living God
voice of the Living God speaking from the midst of the fire as
speaking from the midst of the fire as
speaking from the midst of the fire as we have and lived you go near and hear
we have and lived you go near and hear
we have and lived you go near and hear all that the Lord our God may say and
all that the Lord our God may say and
all that the Lord our God may say and tell us all that the Lord our God says
tell us all that the Lord our God says
tell us all that the Lord our God says to you and we will hear and do it
then the Lord heard the voice of your
then the Lord heard the voice of your words when you spoke to me and the Lord
words when you spoke to me and the Lord
words when you spoke to me and the Lord said to me I have heard the voice of the
said to me I have heard the voice of the
said to me I have heard the voice of the words of this people which they have
words of this people which they have
words of this people which they have spoken to you they are right in all that
spoken to you they are right in all that
spoken to you they are right in all that they have spoken oh that they had such a
they have spoken oh that they had such a
they have spoken oh that they had such a heart in them that they would fear me
heart in them that they would fear me
heart in them that they would fear me and always keep all my Commandments that
and always keep all my Commandments that
and always keep all my Commandments that it might be well with them and with
it might be well with them and with
it might be well with them and with their children for ever go and say to
their children for ever go and say to
their children for ever go and say to them return to your tents but as for you
them return to your tents but as for you
them return to your tents but as for you stand here by me and I will speak to you
stand here by me and I will speak to you
stand here by me and I will speak to you all the commandments the statutes and
all the commandments the statutes and
all the commandments the statutes and the judgments which you shall teach them
the judgments which you shall teach them
the judgments which you shall teach them that they may observe them in the land
that they may observe them in the land
that they may observe them in the land which I am giving them to possess
therefore you shall be careful to do as
therefore you shall be careful to do as the Lord your God has commanded you you
the Lord your God has commanded you you
the Lord your God has commanded you you shall not turn aside for the right hand
shall not turn aside for the right hand
shall not turn aside for the right hand or to the left you shall walk in all the
or to the left you shall walk in all the
or to the left you shall walk in all the ways which the Lord your God has
ways which the Lord your God has
ways which the Lord your God has commanded you that you may live and that
commanded you that you may live and that
commanded you that you may live and that it may be well with you and that you may
it may be well with you and that you may
it may be well with you and that you may prolong your days in the land which you
prolong your days in the land which you
prolong your days in the land which you shall possess